README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="demo.gif">
  
# rm-update-helper (MIGRATIONS IN PROGRESS) 
A quick script that helps to upgrade/downgrade the remarkable device using [ddvks update server](https://github.com/ddvk/remarkable-update)

# How to use?

Firstly, connect your RM over usb. Make sure its reachable.

To run it from source, install the required libs:
```shell
pip install wheel
pip install paramiko rich netifaces requests
```

After you've installed the dependencies you can run the script with the following:

```shell
python main.py
```

When prompted, enter your desired version - (no current supported for the latest 3.x.x & beta versions, eventually it will get all up-to-date updates). Leave blank for the latest [toltec](https://toltec-dev.org/) supported version

The script will then attempt to download the version file, modify the RM devices config and start the update server. Once this is done, either:

1) SSH into the device, and run
```
systemctl start update-engine
update_engine_client -check_for_update
journalctl -u update-engine -f
reboot
```
2) Navigate to the devices "update" setting. Click check for updates and then reboot once its done.

# What if I want to upgrade back to the latest version?

Just check for udates on the tablet and it'll take you to the latest one! This script does not permanently modify anything.

Commit message:

Add note about pre-built versions

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="demo.gif">
  
# rm-update-helper (MIGRATIONS IN PROGRESS) 
A quick script that helps to upgrade/downgrade the remarkable device using [ddvks update server](https://github.com/ddvk/remarkable-update)

# How to use?

Firstly, connect your RM over usb. Make sure its reachable.

You can find the latest built version of the tool for your computer attached to the [latest release](https://github.com/Jayy001/codexctl/releases).

To run it from source, install the required libs:
```shell
pip install wheel
pip install paramiko rich netifaces requests
```

After you've installed the dependencies you can run the script with the following:

```shell
python main.py
```

When prompted, enter your desired version - (no current supported for the latest 3.x.x & beta versions, eventually it will get all up-to-date updates). Leave blank for the latest [toltec](https://toltec-dev.org/) supported version

The script will then attempt to download the version file, modify the RM devices config and start the update server. Once this is done, either:

1) SSH into the device, and run
```
systemctl start update-engine
update_engine_client -check_for_update
journalctl -u update-engine -f
reboot
```
2) Navigate to the devices "update" setting. Click check for updates and then reboot once its done.

# What if I want to upgrade back to the latest version?

Just check for udates on the tablet and it'll take you to the latest one! This script does not permanently modify anything.
